[NARRATOR] Last
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
The opening rounds of
the Cell Games began--
and the evil android was
confronted by none other
than World Martial Arts
Champion, Hercule...
[HERCULE]
Hahahaha!
[CELL]
Enough.
[NARRATOR]
...who, unfortunately,
was not up to the task...
Now, it's Goku's turn
to step into the ring,
for what is sure to be
the bout of the century!
The battle
begins... today!
♪ opening song ♪
[ANNOUNCER]
La-Ladies and gentlemen,
this turn of events
defies belief, but...
The last best hope of
the world... has fallen...
trounced by the
villain Cell...
One shudders
at the fact!
[ANNOUNCER]
Mighty Hercule, sir...
[ANNOUNCER] Do you care
to comment on your sudden
and inglorious defeat?
[HERCULE] Look, little man:
I'm hardly defeated--
my balance was just off...
[ANNOUNCER]
Balance... That a fact?
[HERCULE]
Yes it is!
[ANNOUNCER]
Yes, well...
To the untrained eye
it looked more severe.
[HERCULE] Don't you
worry, people of the
world: your champion just
needs a little breather
to get his bearings
before the real deal
smack-down begins!
Hahahaha!
[VEGETA] How on earth
did this imbecile
manage to win a
championship title?
He's way in over his head.
Hahahaha!
[GOHAN] Well...
Here we go, huh?
[KRILLIN]
Yeah.
[VEGETA] Alright.
This is it, Kakarot...
Let's see what you've got.
[CELL] So we're going
to start off with you?
[CELL] Suit
yourself, I suppose;
though I'd rather hoped
we'd save the best for last.
[GOKU] Yeah,
well we'll see.
Word is you've adopted some
of our fighting techniques.
[CELL] You
might say that.
[TRUNKS]
C'mon, Goku...
Show us all why you've
been so nonchalant...
[ANNOUNCER]
Uh...
People of the world,
ease your troubled hearts.
[ANNOUNCER]
Mighty Hercule,
though pushed outside
the ring in a twinkling
during his first
bout with Cell,
has assured this
reporter the scoundrel
is due for a
spectacular comeuppance.
[ANNOUNCER] Yet while
our hero takes a break,
a member of
the ragtag group
who ignored his
warning has ventured--
foolhardily--into the
ring to test his mettle
against this fearsome foe.
[ANNOUNCER] Alas,
fools will be fools...
Sad but true: that
is the lesson here...
Still, having observed
these rank amateurs...
Your thoughts on how long it
will take them to founder?
[HERCULE]
Heh heh heh...
You're just being
rhetorical, right...?
I've seen great-grandmas
with better form
that little chump
circus clown up there.
[HERCULE]
Heh...
If it was me this nobody
was lockin' horns with,
I'd have him bawlin'
for his binkie
in two seconds flat.
[HECULE] Rookie ought
to be locked away
in a nuthouse
for his own good.
[HERCULE] I give the guy
five seconds in the ring,
if even that...
So, yeah...
Not much of a
breather for me, huh?
[ANNOUNCER] Maybe just enough
time for a single exhale!
[HERCULE] Well, hey at
least the folks at home
get a little sideshow
to whet their appetites
for some real fightin',
eh? Hahahahahaha!
[YAMCHA] Goku's
never been like this.
[TIEN] Yea, I know...
He's so relaxed.
[KRILLIN] That's
putting it mildly...
Look at him for
cryin' out loud:
from his stance you'd think
this was an
exercise or something.
[PICCOLO] Heh...
Safe to say he's been
looking forward to this
little sparring match.
[TRUNKS] Which
just goes to show
how confident he really
is in his own powers.
That has to be a
good sign, right?
[CELL]
Well?
[KRILLIN]
Yeah! Forfeit!
[YAMCHA]
He's done!
[CELL]
Nice one...
Enjoy that little taste
of victory while you can.
[GOKU]
Heh...
Don't know why you'd even
bother messing around...
It's not like
you're fooling anyone.
We all know you're way too
strong to go down that easy.
[CELL] Just
getting my kicks.
As long as you're
holding out on me
I see no harm in getting
some enjoyment from this.
[GOKU] Like I've seen
your full power yet.
[CELL]
Oh don't worry:
you'll see what
I'm capable of...
I'd just prefer to
showcase it incrementally.
[GOKU]
I can't wait.
[CELL] You just can't
say no to a challenge...
no matter the odds...
Must be that Saiyan blood.
[GOKU] Guess you and I
are a lot alike that way.
[CELL] I do enjoy
a good battle.
[GOKU]
Like I said...
[GOKU] Ka...
me... ha... me...
[GOKU]
Ha!!
[CELL]
Yaaargh!
[crash]
[GOHAN]
What is he doing?
[GOHAN] If dad was
fighting like he meant it,
he wouldn't
be this sloppy.
[TRUNKS]
What...?
[VEGETA]
Hmph!
I knew it...
so far Kakarot's just
been fooling around,
feeling out his opponent...
Of course, Cell seems
to be doing the same...
[CELL] Now then...
As warm-ups go
I think we've had
enough, don't you?
[GOKU]
Yeah.
[KRILLIN] 'kay...
brace yourselves...
I think things are about to
start getting more serious.
[ANNOUNCER]
Uh... I, uh...
have no words for what
I've just witnessed...
but if I did...
I'd probably have to
go with breathtaking.
[ANNOUNCER] Your thoughts,
please, Mighty Hercule...?
[ANNOUNCER] Uh...
If you would...
[HERCULE]
Huh?
[ANNOUNCER]
Your--your thoughts
on what we've just seen.
[HERCULE] Ah... Yeah,
you know, not to bad...
A bit more, uh, well,
limber than I'd expect
from a fella his size,
but he's pushin' himself.
Heh heh heh heh...
[CELL] He doesn't
disappoint.
Definitely no stranger
to a close fight.
You're mountains
above the others, Goku.
That much is plain.
[GOKU]
Hmmm...
He packs an even bigger
punch than I'd imagined.
Better keep my guard up.
Just one slip, and he's
gonna mop the floor with me.
[GOKU]
Well?
[TRUNKS] This is it--he's
about to make his move.
[CELL] There's the
fire I expected.
[TIEN]
Unbelievable!
[TRUNKS] I've never
seen anything like this!
[VEGETA]
Darn it! Kakarot...!
[PICCOLO] His... His
power's still on the rise!
[GOKU]
Grrrrrr... Yaaaaaaaa!!!
[explosion]
[ANNOUNCER]
A turn of events
as disconcerting
as it mysterious!
The body of the
unidentified opponent
is glowing with a bold
luminescence the source
of which I cannot
ascertain...
The shockwaves of the
phenomenon were great--
[ANNOUNCER] A dazzling
halo of golden light
wreathes the nameless
warrior like flame!
Do I dare trust my eyes?!
[exlosion]
[GOHAN]
C'mon dad...
[ANNOUNCER] A similar
luminescent phenomenon
now envelops
the body of Cell!
[HERCULE]
Yeah...!
They probably go to
the same magic school.
[KRILLIN] This
is gettin' ugly...
From here on, they're gonna
go full power all the way...
[CELL]
Go on.
[GOKU]
Alright.
[CELL]
Heh heh heh...
Nicely done, Goku.
This is exactly the contest
I've been searching for!
[CELL] After all,
what's the fun in fighting
if the outcome is a
foregone conclusion?
[GOKU] Yeah...
I agree with you there.
[VEGETA] Is... is this
Kakarot's true power?
I don't believe it!
He's, he's...
[TRUNKS]
Awesome...
I didn't think anyone's
strength could be this massive.
[KRILLIN] He's really pouring
it on thick, isn't he...?
That's Goku for you!
[GOHAN] Why is everybody
so blown away by this...?
I mean, sure, it's
impressive, but...
[ANNOUNCER] We have
just observed a tussle
of unimaginable velocity...
Your impression?
[HERCULE]
Uhm?
Not too shabby!
Hahahaha!
[CELL]
Hmmm... Heh heh heh...
Hahahahahaha!!
[CELL] Brace
yourself, Goku.
[TIEN] What's
he gonna do?!
[YAMCHA]
That's not good!
[CELL]
Multi-Form!
[TIEN]
Hey... not fair!
[GOKU]
Sorry...
That technique's not
going to work on me.
[CELL]
Is that so?
[TIEN]
No way...!
Splitting your body
four ways like that
would normally decrease
your total strength
by at least half!
[YAMCHA] And his strength
hasn't even changed...
He's got the
same power level
as when he
was one dude.
[TIEN] Yeah...
I hate to admit this,
but Cell's mastered
that trick far better
than I ever could.
[CELL] So, then...
Have a newfound appreciation
of my power, do we?
[GOKU] Oh yeah...
Not bad.
[CELL] Don't worry,
it gets better.
I haven't
even come close
to unleashing my
ultimate power...
[GOHAN]
Wait isn't that--?
[PICCOLO] Yeah,
he's stealing my move.
[CELL]
Heads up!
[GOKU]
It's about time.
[GOKU] Just needed you
four to spread out a bit.
[crashes]
[KRILLIN]
Ha! Oh yeah!
[CELL]
Destructo Disk!
[KRILLIN]
What the--?!
[YAMCHA] Whoa, Krillin,
are you able to guide
your attack like that...?
[CELL] Ha...! You'll have
to do better than this...
The knowledge I've inherited
from Frieza tells me
you'll try to charge
toward me and veer away...
However...
It won't work!
[CELL] You're using
the Afterimage technique.
[GOKU] I hope you're
not really expecting
to win by using
other people's moves...
Sorry it won't happen.
[CELL] Hmmm...
Perhaps you're right...
I should finish off
with something unique.
[GOKU] He's raising his
power level to its limit...
What's he got planned?!
[CELL]
Ka... me...
[KRILLIN]
Huh?!
[GOKU] No!
Don't do it, Cell!
Firing a Kamehameha
like that at full power
could destroy
the whole planet!
[CELL]
Ha...
[VEGETA]
He, he's doing it!
[CELL]
Me...!
Ha!!
[GOKU]
Hey, Cell...! Up here!
[CELL]
Int'resting...
That blast should
have hit you square on;
how did you manage
to deflect it?
[GOKU] Yeah, well...
I didn't really.
[CELL]
Ah, yes...
Your ability to
pop out of one place
and into another
as if by magic.
[GOKU] Instant
transmission...
Handy...
If you know how.
[CELL]
You don't say...?
I can see this technique
is going to be a nuisance...
[GOKU] Hey...
Question...
If I hadn't flown
up into the sky,
would you have
still fired anyway,
even though it meant
destroying the earth...?
Seriously.
[CELL] Yeah,
possibly...
But, I also knew
you'd have no choice
but to take to the air.
[GOKU] Heh heh...
So that's it...
Bet you think you're
pretty clever, don't you?
[CELL] I think you fail
to understand, Goku...
Whether or not this
planet gets destroyed
means absolutely
nothing to me.
[CELL] Sure, things
might get a bit dull...
But... So be it!
[CELL] Don't tell me I'm
suddenly too fast for you...
[NARRATOR] Cell is
inconceivably swift.
Can Goku
outmaneuver him?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[PICCOLO] Hey!
This is Piccolo... Ow!
Anyway, Goku and Cell
have some serious
skills, don't they?
[VEGETA] I'm
not impressed.
[PICCOLO] So your mouth
always hangs open like that?
[VEGETA] How
dare you mock me!
[PICCOLO] Just stand
back and take it all in.
You might learn
a thing or two.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[VEGETA]
Why, Kakarot?!
Why do you always
upstage me?!